Added sequelize instructions for serialization (#2292)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/techniques/serialization.md

A working example is available [here](https://github.com/nestjs/nest/tree/master/sample/21-serializer).

#### Sequelize

class-transformer does not play well with Sequelize, so you're going to need a few extra steps to get it to work properly.

> First off, create a response DTO with @Expose / @Exclude
> ```typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First off, create a response DTO with `@Expose`/`@Exclude` decorators

```typescript
```

import { Exclude, Expose } from 'class-transformer';

@Exclude()
export class UserResponseDto {
    @Expose()
    name: string;
    
    @Expose()
    email: string;

    password: string;
}
```

> Then use `plainToClass(DTO, Promise<Model>)` in your controller:
> ```typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then use `plainToClass(DTO, Promise<Model>)` in your controller or service:

```typescript
```

    @Get(':id')
    @UseInterceptors(ClassSerializerInterceptor)
    findOne(@Param('id') id: string): UserResponseDto {
        return plainToClass(
            UserResponseDto,
            this.usersService.findOneById(+id),
        );

>     }

Reviewer: Personally I would prefer we show this happening in the service rather than the controller, to stay with the idea of thin controllers fat services, and keeping business logic out of the controllers

Author: That's fair, however my reasoning for putting it in the controller is that calls to findOneById could be used by an auth service, in which case the password field would be required.

```

> For reference, here's what `usersService.findOneById()` looks like:
> ```typescript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For reference, here's what `usersService.findOneById()` looks like:

```typescript
```
